---
title: 'TISC 2023 Level 4: Really Unfair Battleships Game'
date: 2023-10-19 08:00:04 +0800
categories: [CTF]
tags: [tisc2023, pwn, misc]
image:
    path: /assets/img/tisc_2023/tisc_2023_banner.png
---
## DESCRIPTION
>After last year's hit online RPG game `Slay The Dragon`, the cybercriminal organization PALINDROME has once again released another seemingly impossible game called `Really Unfair Battleships Game` (RUBG). This version of Battleships is played on a 16x16 grid, and you only have one life. Once again, we suspect that the game is being used as a recruitment campaign. So once again, you're up!
>
>Things are a little different this time. According to the intelligence we've gathered, just getting a VICTORY in the game is not enough.
>
>PALINDROME would only be handing out flags to hackers who can get a FLAWLESS VICTORY.
>
>You are tasked to beat the game and provide us with the flag (a string in the format `TISC{xxx}`) that would be displayed after getting a FLAWLESS VICTORY. Our success is critical to ensure the safety of Singapore's cyberspace, as it would allow us to send more undercover operatives to infiltrate PALINDROME.
>
>Godspeed!
>
>You will be provided with the following:
>
>1) Windows Client (`.exe`)
>    - Client takes a while to launch, please wait a few seconds.
>    - If Windows SmartScreen pops up, tell it to run the client anyway.
>    - If exe does not run, make sure Windows Defender isn't putting it on quarantine.
>
>2) Linux Client (`.AppImage`)
>    - Please install `fuse` before running, you can do `sudo apt install -y fuse`
>    - Tested to work on Ubuntu 22.04 LTS

### ATTACHED FILES
>- `rubg-1.0.0.AppImage`
>- `rubg_1.0.0.exe`

## SOLUTION

> Work in progress.
{: .prompt-info }

## FLAG
`TISC{t4rg3t5_4cqu1r3d_fl4wl355ly_64b35477ac}`